We were asked to seat ourselves as the place was pretty much empty.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend ordered a vegetable curry.
Both dishes were pretty good but the whole situation with ordering, etc was just awkward.


Deep-flavored curry made with spices instead of using Japanese solid curry, domestic raw pork cutlet prepared every morning, salmon dishes prepared with salmon, and udon made with soup. We present dishes that are easy to see, but are not made easily. Come and play at Chanyeong Restaurant. (Weekdays: 11:30 am to 09:00 pm / Saturday: 11:30 am to 08:00 pm / Sunday: Closed / All menu items can be packed and delivered.)








Open from February 2016, Shilla Stay Guro is conveniently located a 5-minute walk from Exit 6 of Guro Digital Complex Subway Station on Line 2. This Samsung Group's hotel offers easy access to popular neighborhoods including Hongdae, Sindorim, COEX and Euljiro 1-ga/Myeongdong within a 30-minute subway ride. This modern business hotel houses a restaurant, bar, fitness center and offers free WiFi throughout the property.
Elegantly furnished in neutral colors, air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV and mini-bar. The private bathroom comes with free toiletries, bathrobes and a hairdryer.
The 24-hour front desk offers free luggage storage, free newspaper service and currency exchange. Concierge service along with ticketing and tour services are also available upon request. There is a business center and meeting rooms at the Guro Shilla Stay.
The on-site buffet restaurant serves a wide variety of dishes prepared with fresh ingredients. Breakfast is available from 06:30 until 09:30 on weekdays and from 07:00 until 10:00 on weekends. Guests can also enjoy drinks at the bar.
Incheon International Airport is a 60-minute drive and Gimpo Airport is a 30-minute drive away. Noryangjin Fisheries Wholesale Market is 3.7 mi from Shilla Stay Guro, while I'Park Mall is 3.7 mi from the property.
Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 8.4 for a two-person trip.
We speak your language!

